#summary Summary of changes.
#labels Phase-Support

= 2.0.0.0 =
2011/06/30 @revision
   * Breaking change: all currency code parsing/conversion methods are accessed through `Currency.Code`
   * Breaking change: all currency code parsing/conversion methods are accessed through `Currency.Code`
   * Updated _NuGet_ to v1.4.20615.182
   * Added project _NMoneys.Exchange_ which follows a parallel distribution method (different binaries and packages)

= 1.6.0.0 =
2011/06/02 @revision 85
   * Added methods `Currency.ParseCode()` and `Currency.TryParseCode()` that allow parsing `CurrencyIsoCode` strings

= 1.5.1.0 =
2011/05/15 @revision 72
   * Included source code for [http://www.codeproject.com/KB/dotnet/NMoneys.aspx CodeProject] article
   * Solved Issue 16. Now, currencies can be obtained from case-insensitive three-letter codes
   * Added `AlphabeticCode()` to `Currency` and `CurrencyIsoCode` to reflect terms used by ISO
   * Updated `Money.Total()` tests to exemplify its usage

= 1.5.0.0 =
2011/05/03 @revision 53
   * ADB Unit of Account (XUA) has been added
   * Updated _NuGet_ to v1.3.20425.372
   * Updated _NUnit_ to v2.5.10.11092

= 1.4.0.0 =
2011/03/17 @revision 51
   * Performance improvement for unitialized `Money` instances
   * Sucre (XSU) has been added
   * checked for CLS compliancy
   * `MissconfiguredCurrencyException` renamed to `MisconfiguredCurrencyException`
   * `Currency.ObsoleteCurrency` is now an event
   * `<` and `>` operators implemented for `Currency`
   * `Money` arithmetic methods implemented as alternative to operators for languages that cannot consume operators
   * Extensive null parameter checking
   * Updated _NuGet_ to v1.1


= 1.3.1.0 =
2011/02/24 @revision 43
   * Fix for unexpected behavior of unitialized `Money` instances. Now default instances have a defined currency ISO code (`XXX`)

= 1.3.0.0 =
2011/02/11 @revision 37
   * Support for deprecated currencies
   * Estonian Kroon (EEK) has been deprecated
   * `Currency.Get()`, `Currency.Get()` can receive a `RegionInfo` as argument
   * Added support for HTML/XML entities (such as &eur;)
   * Updated _NuGet_ to v1.0 RTM.
   * _NuGet_ [http://nuget.org/Packages/Packages/Details/NMoneys-1-3-0-0 package] published.
   * [https://rubygems.org/gems/nmoneys Gem] published.
   * Updated _NUnit_ to 2.5.9.10348
   * Changed MSBuild script to ease usage
      * Creates more correct _NuGet_ package
      * Copies to output _release_ directory

= 1.2.0.0 =
2010/11/20 @revision 24
   * Completed Xml documentation for public members
   * `Currency.TryGet()`, `Currency.TryParse()` and `Money.TryParse()` do not throw any exception anymore
   * Added USN and USS after merging all information back from the ISO website
   * Added _NuGet_ package. It should be available from the public feed
   * Added MSBuild script to ease usage
      * Run tests and creates reports
      * Compiles binaries
      * Creates _NuGet_ package
      * Copies to output _build_ directory

= 1.1.0.0 =
2010/11/20 @revision 15
   * Added `Currency.FindAll()`
   * Added `Money.Parse()` and `Money.TryParse()`
   * Implemented `IComparable` and `IComparabe<>` on `Currency`
   * Added _Joda-Money_ features:
      * Creation methods: `Money.Zero()`, `Money.ForMajor()`, `Money.ForMinor()`, and `Money.Total()`
      * Properties `Money.MinorAmount`, `Money.MajorAmount`, `Money.HasDecimals`
   * Removed "long" obsolete currency: Guinea-Bissau Franc GWP (624).
= 1.0.0.0 =
2010/10/25 @revision 11
   * Baseline version